Improve CONTRIBUTING.md formatting (#367)
pivotal/postfacto: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Working on features

> If you're interested on working on a feature for us we have a [Backlog](https://github.com/pivotal/postfacto/projects/1) of work for people to pick up at anytime. Have a look at both the 'Backlog' and 'Icebox' sections and if something catches your eye leave a comment and we can chat about assigning it to you. If the feature you had in mind isn't already there then [get in touch](https://github.com/pivotal/postfacto/issues/new)! We're always eager to hear about new ideas for Postfacto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested on working on a feature for us we have a [Backlog](https://github.com/pivotal/postfacto/projects/1) of work for people to pick up at any time. Have a look at both the 'Backlog' and 'Icebox' sections and if something catches your eye leave a comment and we can chat about assigning it to you. If the feature you had in mind isn't already there then [get in touch](https://github.com/pivotal/postfacto/issues/new)! We're always eager to hear about new ideas for Postfacto.
```
